relelease-notes: Automatic extension resolution (#5027)
grafana/k6: release notes/v1.2.0.md

_optional intro here_

### Automatic extension resolution [#5019](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/5019), [#4811](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/4811), [#4812](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/4812), [#4921](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/4921), [#4922](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/4922)

k6 extensions allow you to add custom functionality to your performance tests, such as connecting to databases, message queues, or specialized networking protocols. Previously, using extensions [required manual building](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/latest/extensions/build-k6-binary-using-go) of a custom k6 binary with the extensions compiled in. This new version introduces the _Automatic Extension Resolution_ functionality, which is enabled by default and automatically detects when your script imports extensions and handles the complexity of provisioning the right k6 binary for you.

```javascript

> TODO

Author: @pablochacin do you have any good suggest for this example? `xk6-faker`?

Reviewer: We use something like this in the cloud docs:

```
import faker from "k6/x/faker";

export default function () {
  console.log(faker.person.firstName());
}
```

```

> The previous experimental versions only supported official extensions. [#4922](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/4922) added the support to use any extension listed in the [extensions registry](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/latest/extensions/explore/) by setting the `K6_ENABLE_COMMUNITY_EXTENSIONS=true` environment variable.

Reviewer: Maybe you can take it from the cloud docs, once Heitor approves it: https://github.com/grafana/website/pull/26929

It's been through one big round of feedback, so there shouldn't be major changes at this point.

Note, Community extensions are only supported for local test executions (using `k6 run` or `k6 cloud run --local-execution`). When running tests on Grafana Cloud k6, only official extensions are allowed.

> Check out the [documentation](TODO) for additional details.

Author: ```suggestion
Check out the [documentation](grafana.com/docs) for additional details.
```
Change it as soon as we have it merged
